
So, I started the recording. Okay, um, what is your age? 35 years old. What is your gender a female? What is your main language Arabic? The any language we're using now English? Yes. Which country do you currently live in Berlin, Germany? And what is your nationality Syrian perfect? Okay, so first and main question.

When you hear the word cult, what comes to your mind? Sometimes like it comes to me that, you know? Kind of privileged people that you know they have the privilege to. Um. Geographically, they can choose what to believe in. Because like, I believe that some places in the world especially like if I'm talking from the perspective of the suana or AKA Middle East?

Like, you have the religion aspect. Whatever it is, I'm not talking about Muslims, even Christian or Jews. Like the beliefs of that of the regional religion is dominant on your beliefs. Um, but like when you go more to the West, especially Western? Uh, culture. You realize that people can tend to to choose an alternative beliefs to follow or?

Yeah. Yeah, but like in general, when you talk when we say cult. Uh, I, I think it's a privilege to choose to be an occult. Do you have? Specific exam examples then of cards. Would be about. I mean, what this notion of privilege? Like, for instance. Uh, I watched once a documentary about a cult called realism.

Have you heard of it? And it's a pretty crazy nonsense s*** to be honest. Uh, but like, you know, here, where, where I see the privilege, I believe, like in some areas in the world, you are dominated by, like the? Like conditions around you, or like the daily struggles in life where people have to be in a fight or flight mode so they don't have the privilege to think or rethink their beliefs and say, like, oh, this doesn't fit me.

I would like to follow this cult, or or that belief, while in some areas from the world, especially in war zones. When people are very close to death. I believe they rather stick to what they were raised on because they believe that this is the remedy or this is what's?

The better life they will have after. Yeah. So, from that point of view, I see it like a privilege that people when they are safe when they are. Having the the freedom of a choice and opinion, and all of that, they have this privilege to say, like, no, I want to be out of this religious system, and I would like to follow an alternative.

Belief or cult or whatsoever, and that doesn't mean that not necessarily to mean that the cult is the better choice it can be, but at least you have the privilege of a freedom to say, like, I want to. To go out of a certain system. Yeah, so. And. There.

I watched once, like a documentary on Netflix, called, like how to become a cult leader? Because it was, like, many times before, I was. It's like making the joke with my friends that's in my retirement time. I would like to create a cult for me and my friends that believes in nothing, and they want to have like this.

This space where we want to? Believe in, nothing together, you know, yeah, and? Yeah, but it's very interesting how the people can adopt. Or, or follow a certain. I don't know, like ideology, just because? Just because they can, you know? Yeah, so you you are using. So, both the words, ideology, and the word believe.

So, like, do you think feel like cots can be tied to either or both or? Not necessarily, but it can be. It can be both, and it can be none. But most of the time, you know, like to convince people to be part of something you need to have, like this certain ideology that resonates with people on a certain level.

Like, I don't know whether, like, if we're talking about realism, for instance. Yeah, for those people who were feeling like alienated or not fitting in this. I mean, that's also very interesting about cult that they look at the weaknesses of the psychology of the people and try to tweak that to to use it in their benefit, like for realism, where they started to convince people like, ah, you know, if you're feeling alienated that's not out of nowhere.

That's because we are actually created by aliens, you know? So, yeah. So, it's psychologically. It's very interesting how the skulls work that they try to find, like the wicked spot spot in your brain and play around it to convince you that, no, it's. It's something special. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cool.

It's cool, I think that's enough. Yeah, thank you. You're welcome.


Like alcohol. For instance and. I'm just going to talk a little bit like in the different sects of Muslims. Um, for instance. They are prohibited for, like drinking alcohol, but for instance, alawite, they don't see that as a prohibited, like they drink alcohol. And this is, like, where I see the difference between sex and cult?

Sectors still fallen under, like a higher umbrella of rules or a belief that says like this is the core belief and the way we practice. This belief can vary from one side to another. Yeah, while in the cult, you don't need to have like you can create the umbrella you want.

But so, can affect be a cult.

I mean, theoretically, yes, I think. Or like effect would be called under a religious umbrella. Yeah, probably. But then, I don't know what is like, what makes a cult is a for me? In my in my understanding, that cult is not necessarily to be linked to a religion. Yeah, but sex is always tight to be fallen under certain religion.

Yeah. But like, for in, for instance, there is also the truth and and. And Palestine area. Which we still don't know whether we can call them a sect or a cult, because, like Drews, they have like their own beliefs of. What to believe in, but at the same time, one of their rule that if it depends where they are geographically, they blend with the major religion there.

So, for example, the Jews in Syria. They are in south of Syria and the majority. There are Muslims, so Drews consider themselves Muslim in that context. While the druze and Lebanon. They are in an area where majority as Christians, so they practice, and they do some. Religious acts as a Christians.

But they still would call themselves Jews, Christians, and Jews Muslims. Yeah, so druze, I think it could be like Morocult than a sect. But Catholic or Shia is still effect under under Muslims or Christians. Yeah. Yeah.

I was, like, I don't know. Like, the muscles, it's a cult because, like, you know? Or Brotherhood, actually, but still still. I would see it as a cult, you know, because there is. There is this kind of. Rules and regulation to be part of it, but you don't necessarily.

Made to believe in one religion, like you can be a Muslim and a part of of Masons. Yeah, but you can also be Christians and part of Muslims. Yeah, so. And so in on which aspect you then the muscles are. Maybe the rituals, the agreements, the the. The meetups they do.

I'm not very important for, like, I don't have a lot of knowledge about, like, what is there? It's okay, Mission. Or what? What is their core goal? Uh, but yeah, before. Uh, yeah. Are you saying it? You had to write it in French. Oh, really, you say vaccaloria as well.

See, see you?

Yeah. What other calls are there?

Yeah, there is. There was like this free land. What's what was free? For what was it? The name of this guy who got a scandal that he was a scamming people, Gomez Gomez. The guy who loves to do buttocks? Oh, I don't know. Timefulness. Yeah, this guy. So, can you tell me more like?

Uh, like, ah, Buddha, field cult. It was like also about, like, you know, trying to bring, you know, the? Spirituality, meditation and and Enlightenment into, like, you know, reaching a higher spiritual space? Yeah. Uh, our place, but actually, what was the Scandal about this guy he had like, really around?

Like, I don't know 100, 000 follower. Like, really, a lot of people, and he was like making this cult for even Hollywood's celebrities. Uh, and like in his practices, one of the ritual they made it's. They sat in a dark room, yeah, and they had to do meditation, and they were interviewing like one of his ex-followers, fellows, or.

And he was saying, like, during the meditation, Hermes would go around the room and put his thumb between the eyes. Yeah, and then the people start to see light, and then this guy. Once he opened his eyes during this ceremony, and he realized he realized that Hermes had, like, an LED light in his tongue that he can't turn on immediately when he pushed.

So, it was like crazy how people that who didn't knew that they would totally buy it, you know, and they would like blindly. Believe it. It's just like, you know, the placebo effect when? When you convince people so hard that this is the reality. Yeah, they take it. And I don't know if it comes from like a highly.

Convincing people, or it's is that because, like, the human being reality is so fertile to be influenced by, yeah. So this one in particular, you would say it's a coats because of? This influence this, like, lie also or? Trying to influence people. Yeah, and I think like, you know, what makes different between cult and and?

I mean, I'm not a religious person like, I also cannot be very sure about, like whether profits were there or not, but at least you know. There is a historical. Historical history about, like, you know, religions. But with Cults, it's not. It's just a person who would. Wake up one day and say, hey, I found this and!

Build the whole. Idea around it, you know, so? But like, seen on Wikipedia, it says it's a religious religious movement. Yeah, holy hell. Yeah, but there was also like. Scandal about this guy that he was using his followers because he was like a buttocks and plastic surgery addicts. Like?

Followers from the girls, of course. He used to convince them to try the surgeries on their bodies, so there is a lot of. Brainwash and abuse. Allegation.

Yes.

Uh-Huh!

Do you know any interesting cults? Let me just stop the thing. Um.