
I'm recording. Yeah, any idea? Yeah, let's go. Let's f****** go. So, first, the demographics question, yeah. Uh, what is your age? Uh, 34. What is your gender? Male. What is your main language Russian? The language we're using now English? Yes, which country do you currently live in? Uh, Germany, and your nationality, Ukrainian, beautiful.

All right. Question one? When you hear the word cult? See you, LT. Yeah, in English. What comes to your mind? Like all those smaller church denominations with a charismatic leaders and their own little special lore. Yeah, something usually that exploits vulnerable people. Gullible people, okay, you know? Extracts, resources, and sex from them, depending on the type of cult.

Okay? Yeah, very good. Yeah, you have a specific example in mind. Like the first one that would come to your mind. I mean, honestly, all of them do that even and even the ones that are religions. Do it okay, so you know it doesn't even like, it's like this.

It's this is the difference between cult and religion, in my opinion, is as superficial as the difference between dialects and languages, you know. Ones have armies are called languages. Yeah, so I think it's the same like as soon as the call becomes very, very big. It becomes no longer called, but more of a religion.

But the Natures is always the same, so a religion would be a cult for you. Kinda because they also have at their Inception charismatic leaders, then they die and become Saints or whatever prophets or Jesus's or Muhammad's, and so force or Buddhas. But then, you know, but it always starts with some some dude.

There's always a dude somewhere or a lady in some some other ones. Okay, yeah. But yeah, yeah, it's a system of belief that. That spreads. And. And and exploits the gullible, but so, like, in, um. And all these, like, you mentioned a lot of different. S***, yeah, I'm sorry.

No, no, it's. It's exactly what I need, right? You mentioned a lot of different attributes. Do you have, like, in mind, specific? Groups are like, spell, like a specific thing. That would be what that would fill all of these attributes that you mentioned. Uh, like you, you want an example.

Yeah, like a Scientology Church of Scientology. Yeah, like Mormons, yeah. Or like this, guy Osha, oh, whatever the f*** he has. That's probably it. So, I mean, there's a lot of them. Like, I've I'm listening to podcasts about them sometimes, but I don't know their names because there's also not memorable, you know, right?

But you know? Like, like uh Westboro Baptist Church is the ones that I've seen them. Okay, a show about what do they do? Something nasty, something really nasty, okay. But yeah, I don't know, like, it's. Help me out. What are we? What are we looking for? It's just you.

I will do it for them individually after right, right? You cannot give a wrong answer to this by the way. Yeah, yeah, but I also don't want to just say whatever. Whatever, something something horribly wrong. But yeah, like, there is. Nominally some kind of difference between religions and Cults, but I think it's superficial difference, and it's like.

You know, just size based and hit in lengths of length of time, you you? You perpetuate yourself in history based, but there's no fundamental difference, I think. Yeah, it's just every cult is a future religion unless it Days out before. It has a chance to become a religion. Yeah, yeah.

Okay, yeah, cool. I know Jehovah Witnesses. I mean, their religion now used to be a cult. And because, like all of the examples you gave me, I mean you started by, I think immediately. Putting it close to religion. So, like when we start calling about the court, it's kind of the immediate link you make.

It's about. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, for me. It's, uh, it's kind of every every. Every cult is a larva of a future religion butterfly. Yeah, yeah, I think you cannot skip to religion without it first become being a cult. Okay. I think this 12 f****** disciples walking around and speaking in tongues weren't culty at the beginning.

And now, nobody's everybody's, just taking this everybody's just taking this s*** for granted in these days. Okay, there was this 12 weird dudes. They just walk the earth and spoke in tongues. Culty as s***. In my opinion, so it's mostly like you have negative association with. Absolutely. Okay, I'm absolutely.

Have you ever I can encounter the cult in your life? Well, I've been a member of religion. Oh, really. Yeah, yeah, I'm actually still a subdeacon of, uh. Russian Orthodox Church, really? Yeah, I mean, I'm not like a practicing guy. Yeah, since I was 19 or so, but but they never like they never expelled me.

So technically, I'm still the guy who's allowed to, you know, to wipe the blight of blood of Christ from your lips, and so you after you after you consume it. Out of all these things you like mentioned about cuts in general, like, how many you like, which one would apply to this, like so the Orthodox Church that you were part of all of it.

All of it, absolutely. All of it. So which one in pretty like? You said central leader exploitation, getting money and sex check check. Well, I mean, it's not. Russian tourist church is not. As known for sex scandals. As let's say Catholic Church, but it doesn't mean they're not there.

Like, we have next to no clue what the f*** is going on in those. Monasteries and? Yeah, yeah, yeah, but but I would be. Shocked to discover that whenever, like, whenever there's power this balance, people start touching each other in appropriate places. Like, and the and this is a strictly hierarchical system, so of course, there's gonna be power imbalances.

And whenever this power imbalances, there's going to be exploitation. Yeah, it can be just your boss at work. It can be some, your military commander. It can be your church commander, your cult Commander, but as long as you make people unequal and somebody's gonna be a little afraid to telling you when you touch me by my nipples, yeah?

You might eventually touch me by my nipples. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's my opinion. Yeah, you understand, and I just I cannot give specific, uh, links to specific cases of? Of this kind of behavior in Russian talks church, but I have certainly heard of this in in life in general.

Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah. Yeah, there was one known sub Deacon. No, no, not subdeacon Deacon Andrei corarev that has then been expelled from Russian Orthodox Church for actually being a pain in their ass. That was raised in this subject specifically about. Yeah, like we should stop pointing fingers and left at Catholics, and they them being pedophiles and whatever, because we have our own hands kind of dirty.

And then they expelled him. It's really smart. Dude, yeah, crazy. And he left the church too well. He wasn't actually kicked out from the church for this specifically, but I think he wasn't all in for about, like all the invasions into other countries that otherwise Russian or the church stands by.

I really, uh, yeah, yeah, so I think that's what the main reason they they've divorced him, not because of the sex stuff.

Cool! Thank you, I have enough, I think. Yeah, cool, cool! Thank you crazy!