
Wait, so I will just pull out I'm recording, but I'm just pulling out the questions. There's only two questions.

Oh yeah, okay. Um, when you hear the world, the word comes. What do you imagine, like, what's what's the? What's the first cult that comes to your mind? Actually, the first. Thing, I thought it was. This AI. Thank you told us about about, like AI cult. But because I like, know your, like, background, and your probably thoughts, uh, but well, what the first thing I think about about cold?

I don't know. I'm not really know a lot about those. So, the first thing that came to your mind is this AI called I talk about. Do you remember, like, yes, I just remembered that you explained the theory that there is exist. Some call that's saying that artificial intelligence could be like a God.

Yes, you know. So, this is my first thought. Okay, yeah, but I don't actually really know about colds. Maybe I saw something in American Horror Story like there was some series okay, and I think it was, like, Four Season or something, and it was cold where, like, uh, people were killing other people looking like clowns.

Yes, this is the first thing I think about because I'm not. Yeah, sorry, sorry. Yeah, yeah. And so, so, in this, like? American Horror Story year. This called, like, oh like, what did it look like? And like, what's made it to college? Do you think? Uh, there is one guy who was like a icon for them, and he had, like, really.

Good energy. I would say he was. He influenced them was his. I don't know his character, probably with his energy, and he was the main person who like. Helped other people to, I don't know, to open their like bad sites, you know, okay, and? Yeah, and after that, they, I think.

They were wearing clones, costumes, and they were killing people. Yeah, so this is what I remember about Colts, okay, and so like for you, like on Martin. No, no, this is the guy also, and this is the similar thing, so he has like a huge great character and energy.

He never killed actually real people, like with his hands, but he influenced other people to do that. And I kind of, yeah, it's interesting. So for you, this. Main components is like this influence thing. Yeah, that one person can be so powerful to influence, like, uh, hundreds of people was.

Like, strong concept, you know, okay, I sometimes I. Really interested in that. You know this, how it's possible to influence in this way with people to create like a huge cult? No, yeah, of course. It's interesting, okay, topic. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah.