
So, first, I need to know your age 29, your gender, human, your main language Journey, the language that we're using now. English? Yes, um. Which country do you currently live in the US, and what is your nationality? It's German, okay, great. Um, so? My first question is. When you hear the word cult?

Yes, see you. LT, yes. What do you picture? Something suspicious, something dangerous. Okay. Something like, not normal. Okay. Yeah. And also something a little bit frightening. Okay, do you have like a specific example that you like would come to your mind immediately overclock? I don't have a specific name, but it's more like, uh, like those yoga cults, which exist like some time ago.

Okay. What is what is like called to you about them, or like? I would say it's people participating in something, and then there's a person. Who has another? Thawed and kind of manipulates them and uses like their I don't know participation. Or they, I think that's not the right word, but like their willingness and like, good thing to participate in something.

And just like, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, just like. And another word in English. But just like what, what's the number in German? Um, Miss Brown. Yeah, exactly. He's famous. Of the. For throwing the trust, the trust, the consent of the the people, and using it for his own purposes.

Or okay, okay, so okay, really interesting. Um. Cool! Yeah, that takes it. We're like, like, if you were to then, like, you know, try to give a definition of the cutter. Like, like, then, which aspect would you feel would be like the most important of all the things you already said?

Or maybe there's other ones that come to your mind? I think it's benefiting from something the other person or other people aren't actually aware of that. That is your intention. Okay, I think that for me is okay, yeah, very good, perfect. That's it, that's it. Yeah, oh, that was short.

Okay.


Between religion and color, isn't it? Okay, I was like recording this again. Yeah, because when you have like a religion, I don't know you're like all having the same thoughts beliefs for one thing, and it's like the common knowledge more. It is okay, where's like a cult? It's more the.

Um, like, my opinion that it's, I don't know, someone is, like, Miss the constant of, I don't know. Yeah, okay, like this. Like, Miss Brown hasn't like this misuse, or like this, Miss. I think that it's the misuse, the Distortion, the Distortion, the disrespect like you're not. You're not doing what you, what other, what you should, what you're intending to do, and you're not doing what other people are?

Expecting you to do? From like a, but from like a moral spiritual from a spiritual like point of view or yes, ethically, ethically. Morally, I think all these okay. Like, yeah, so there is a like, uh. Because in French, it's a different meaning for, like, you know, a deception, but like, like, deceiving in English is like, too, you know, like, like, yep?

It's basically like a moral deception, basically like. What you're seeing a bit, or as in like? They saying that the spiritually are giving you something, but actually, they are using this to exactly. They are not really giving you something they just pretend to give you something and then you as being part of the college not being aware of that.

You're being part of like a call, you just think you're part of like a community or something like that. Yeah, so you don't actually know your yeah, part of a call, but zooming out. And you see both kind of like? Perspectives, you see that, and there are some yoga communities doing this.

Yes, interesting. I saw some documentaries. Which one do you remember? I don't know. There were some Netflix documentaries. Okay, the there was one famous one in the U.S. But I don't remember the names Wild Wild Country. No, I think so. I was like famous three years ago where they bought this, like entire city.

Yeah, this is like land, and then they built their thing, and then they were like, yes, yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, very good. Thank you. Super nice. Yeah.