
Uh, what is your age? 36, what is your agenda? Man, what is your main language? French. What is the language in which we're speaking right now in English? Uh, which country do you currently live in Germany? And what is your nationality? French, okay? So, the question is? When you hear the word cult?

What comes to your mind? I think the first thing that comes to my mind is more. Probably like the bad side of it, the bad side of it. Because I guess. Maybe it's more like growing up, you know you were hearing these stories about girls, which was all the okay?

The more like sensational things around all this girl. They were doing this, and it was really bad. And then it was like the stories, or like those people that are being set on fire because they believed in something that you know you were told it's always crazy. Yeah. And then obviously going up.

You know you learn a bit more about it? Um, so I gradually got more interested and then. I'm going to a state where I'm not thinking of joining a cult anytime soon, but I have more of an understanding of why you would want to believe in the different things and maybe follow a different way of life?

Uh-Huh, okay, and then also makes you question, what makes something I mean considered as a curve versus not a cult? And then, you know, like, where do you draw the line in different societies are very different view of what would be considered occult in certain societies versus others? Okay, so you, I'm guessing that you already thought about the topic a bit?

Yeah, but so, when you hear the word called then, like, what's the like? Which example did you have in mind when you were? I think, maybe, like? Uh, Scientology, like the Richard Brands and stuff. Is that his name? Do you have Scientology? No, no, the children of God. No, not children of God.

Sorry. Um, the one that's being displayed in the Tarantino movie. Which one is that? Yeah, yeah, like the Linda kazabian story, and all of that the Monson family. Yeah, Monson, I said, Richard Branson. Do you think Richard Branson can also be a God leader probably anyways? Um, yeah, so you thought about Scientology, and um and?

Manson family. What so, for example, like these groups, what do you think like makes them a cult? Well, I think they've been labeled as a curl because I guess it's been. Somehow proven that it was like the main scheme was to have. Charismatic leader that was worshiped. You know, kind of f***** up way, maybe okay, and also a lot of it was about, you know, like getting money from the members, okay?

Um, which I guess is more like the bad aspect of it. Yeah. Um, I've learned also, so I have, like, my favorite artist, actually, he's a guy that grew up in a cult, so I've got like lots of stories, also from him. I really grew up in the children of God, okay, of course.

Europe, and like, managed to escape, and it was this also like weird story about him, because like the cult, um? You know, like, did not allow like access to doctors and medicine and one of his? Young brother actually died when he was young. So, yeah, yeah, kind of those stories of, uh, yeah, people trying to escape those skills.

And can you say more about the children of God? They're like, what? What does he say about it? Um, it's. Religious adjacent group, so they have like certain beliefs in common with the Bible, but probably like a different interpretation of it. And I think they go around and sing a lot of like Christian songs and trying to like evangelize, but a certain angle of Christianity.

Okay. Uh, and yeah, so they are very. Isolated. In a way I need to follow, like strict principles of what there are a lot and not allowed to do very little contact outside of the group. Yeah. So, yeah, a very different way of getting raised, I guess. Okay, yeah, very good.

Cool perfect! Is there anything else you want to say, um, not at this stage? Okay, okay, sounds good.