
Um. Okay, so what is your age?

Uh, what is your gender? What is your main language? Butch and what is the language in which we're speaking now? English yes, uh, which country do you currently live in Germany? And what is your nationality German uniform? Um, so first and only question. When you hear the word called?

What comes to your mind? Honestly has some kind of new wave band. Really blue oyster Cult. Okay, this kind of stuff, and then secondly, religious cards. Okay, I mean religious cards, and uh, do you think there is an actual cult aspect to Blue Oyster Cult? I don't know. Okay, no.

Um, it's also quite different. If you think about the German cult I really or the English cult, okay, because it's a bit cold, there was this whole thing. Oh, this is cool. Tick or no, yeah, I mean it more as a substantive than, uh, adjective. Like English accounts. This is my non-native English speaker is, it might be distorted.

Yeah, no, that's that's fine. And then you were talking about religious Cults, like, do you have a specific example? Yeah, this. This kind of mass suicide guys. Oh yeah, from the 70s or 80s.

That kind of thing or back van? The krishnas. And what, what? What is in your opinion, like culti about them, or like, what are the attributes that make them caught? Well, usually following a leadership that tells you what's right, and that's also wrong. Okay, and then identification with the leadership figure and the cult itself, so you clearly know that you're a member and that others are not.

Yeah.

And then could also, I guess, kind of suggest that it's a bit touching on the metaphysical.

Whereas the cult is more touching on the subcultural or something like that. Uh-huh. Okay. Hey, so you're making a difference between? Uh, like, yeah, and the first thought it would differentiate cult and religion, but then on second thought, of course. Yeah, of course, all the established religions are also Cults.

Yeah, they just managed to be perceived a bit. Partial and better. Okay, so, so there's an aspect of code that would be, um. Like this kind of legitimacy, or like how it's perceived as a whole, it is again a bit difficult between German and English, I think, but I would use to for cultures in Germany, the word sector.

Yeah, sector is kind of the differentiation to a proper religion. Yeah, that it's a bit more Fringe. Uh-Huh, more so Fringe Fringe in comparison to the I mean in Germany. It's quite clear, and there are some churches which are registered with the state, and so on. And once you're outside of that, you're very quickly perceived as a sector right, then kind of already connotated negatively.

Nobody talks about the sector as positive, and I think that could be kind of like the same. What English people say when they use cult, I think so, yes. That's where it's a bit unsharp, because I'm not native speaker. So, yeah, very good. Um, so in German. I think if you say cult.

You mean something that is? That could also be more pop cultural from a movie or. There's a culture on certain bands, but you would not say that forsake it right. And so, the? In our sector, when you when you think about the German word sector then, like, do you have, like, some specific ones in mind?

Yeah, I think, um, even though they're not. They're kind of also a proper church, but they're not have the same recognition, and then classic would be the krishnas, and uh yeah, yeah, these things that kind of get viral, and in a certain time, then you see them in. Great!

Cool. That's it. You, I think you actually actually.

You have clearly the Catholic church and the Protestant, and then the Jews also have that status. The Muslims don't properly get that status, and I think it's also pipe because they don't have the central. Register now! Catholic church is very clear. It's very hierarchical. You always know who's responsible.

Protestant. They're kind of mixed bag, but. Have the structure. Even though under it could be anything. Um, I think that shop is still Muslims. It's not as clear as the Jews again. It's clear. At least. There's also a lot of Fringe, but there is this guys who get the state money, right?

And of course, that's perceived as the most legitimate. And that's why you can also get religious education at school where you wouldn't have religious education about background or Russia or. Anything that's perceived? Oh yeah, yeah. Prophecies. Because I think in. So, in the US, for example, they can register themselves as a church in the U.S, you would never have the same perception.

Really, because there is not that thing I mean. Yeah, I think then, as much as they have in God, we trust you would not. The American state would never take church money from you and give it to the church. You would go to your church and give it to them.

Yeah. Um. I think that's a special situation in Germany that officially they're secular, but inofficially the other ones which are recognized, and there's other ones which are not. Yeah, yeah, yeah, in Asia. In America, you also have this discussion. If you're officially recognized, and that's where the Satan, right?

It's working on, for example. Yeah, so we want to have the same status as. Yeah, yeah, the crazy Christians next door. Yeah, yeah, but it doesn't mean that the state would do their bidding. Yeah, I think the no circumstance it would mean that in the U.S, but in Germany, it means that.

I think we're in this. Yeah, this is very interesting because the Muslims are in a weird situation because they don't have that Central representation. I mean, they have, I think a few competing organizations which try to rule, but I think in the end, every Imam and every mosque can kind of do what they want.

Yeah, and that's where the state again has a problem, because some of them also might say that the state is high look s***.

Yeah, it's it's. It's really interesting to see.