
I'm male, so you are what, what's your? Okay, yeah, what's your age? My age is 44 your your gender. My gender is other. Main language. My main language is Slovak. What is your country of residence? It's Slovakia. Uh, what is your nationality? It's slug. I'm from the earth, but it's like, okay, great, um.

So, my first question is when you hear the word cult. What comes to your mind tomato count? Okay. It's. Local community of people growing local Tomatoes. Um. So? If you, if you think about them. Um, what makes it cold for you? Exactly! Dedication and commitment to commitment to their voluntarily hobby.

And the love and passion to what they are doing. Which is? Getting back to roots in these times and really, people in a big city are growing Tomatoes and. They are changing varieties, and they are measuring the sugar of the tomatoes, and they are kind of scientifically looking at the growing of the tomatoes and the types and.

And, uh, yeah. Um, so, but so, which which features then for you is like, really, the most important to call it called this group called? Uh oh, is it a group? It's a group. Uh, it's a group, but without any kind of here. Key members or number of the members?

And it started as. As a group in the pub, and it's. Got bigger on the Facebook group page. Okay, yeah! Now, after several years, we added, uh, event that is uniting. These people. Yeah, and the one word that would kind of describe it in the sense of cooled. Is maybe kind of sarcastically named the word could because you know, it's like there is no reason why this should be a cult.

But yeah, yeah, but it's maybe. Like? I would say the sarcastically being in the in the thinking of f*** cools or or something like this. Okay, so, like, that's my opinion. I mean, I'm not sure, yeah. So, maybe in Reverse, then, what? Like, how would they need to change to not be a cult?

Now, it's a positive quote. Let's, let's keep this in the okay. It's a very positive crew. So okay, cool. Doesn't have to have negative connotation. Great. Yeah, so it's a positive Clues. Definitely okay. Um, okay, very good.