
So, what is your age? Bro. Uh, 32 years no, uh, what is your gender female? What is your main language Italian? And which language are we speaking now? We are speaking English, I believe. What is in? Which country do you currently live? I live in Germany, and what is your nationality?

Italian. Great. Okay, now we can start the interview. Uh, well, there's basically just one main question, and the question is? When you hear the word cult, what comes to your mind? Two, my mind comes the image of. Kind of. A group of people that they decide to. Choose to join, uh, let's say, community.

Uh, based on. Dogmatic beliefs okay, and to me? The the concept of cult comes also with the. Idea of a lack of Freedom. Okay, yeah.

They join this community, so I have the feeling that when someone decides to join a cult, maybe they might not even calling it a cult, actually, because maybe I feel also called my? My name that comes with the negative connotation to indicate. So, I don't know if, like, people join your car, actually say they.

They belong to a cult or something. It's more like a word given from external. People to address this group. Yes. Yeah, so it's, it's a group of people, the based on very specific beliefs, maybe goals, maybe project. Maybe there is a common project that people decide to? Komit, you, but it comes with like, compromising, like, like, once you're in.

You leave something outside. Okay, you have to give up on something else to be part to that community that it's then called. Okay, but I have more. The feeling is a is a. A name that is given to this group from Outsiders. Okay, that's an interesting aspect, actually? And would you have specific examples?

Of groups that would fit this definition that you gave the the, the the first thing that comes to my mind, but I. It's okay, ignorant. It's like, I know if I think about Jehovah, yeah, Jehovah Witnesses. Yes, to me. I would say sounds a bit like kaulty community group and also the things I pretty much connect to them.

That makes me address them as such is the fact that they keep trying to include more and more and more, and they operate pressure. On people. So, to make them join their group. Which I give for Grants. Come also with. Financial commitment, for example. I don't know. Yes, Carl for me means also like lack of Freedom.

It means like committing to rules committing to maybe a financial. Um, engagement, and it comes with giving up some individual freedoms, let's say. Do you feel like the jova Witnesses they like they? Verify all the criterias that you give or do you have other examples, and if not, you have other examples of group that would?

Fit. These, like criterias, you get.

No, I don't have much. It's okay, the personal experience. I think it's AJR because, like, I happen to, you know, yeah. Interact with them. I also happen to interact with another. Like some other girls blocking, they stop me on the street once in meet there, and they were, I think, kind of Mormons.

So, was a us-based Christian Community, the new Jesus, something I don't know, but they look like they were like 20 years old and 18. And they were sent into the war to spread the word. And for me, this sounds like cult because they were way too young to have a concrete individual.

Opinion about such big topic as spirituality can be. Yeah, and so, for me, this sounds like a bit of a brainwash that has been operated in. I age where there was not even yet self-consciousness and self-awareness, and the fact that they were. Going around was like coming from another state far away to spread the word.

It didn't feel like they're acting yeah, decisions, a choice or the result of like a research when it comes to study to actually spiritual should be the result of individuals search. So this. For me, it was, but I'm not sure the name of this community was maybe at the new Garden, the new Jesus, something I think we're Mormons.

They were dressed like Church of the later. They Saints something like this after, yeah, and. This comes to my mind. I also met other people coming from more like. No, what we can say, like, new ways, kind of things. So, like 60s, 70s kind of spiritual move, so there is always like a connection with spirituality in what cults means to me, because often those Community, as far as I know, yeah, they develop around.

I mean, spirituality, let's say. I know, I don't know. It also happened. We had to talk with someone who was there at the beginning in the 60s 70s of this. Human design kind of thing. Uh, yeah, I'm talking to this person. It felt like, you know, for me, it's not about having strong beliefs and following them because of personal resonance is the fact of trying to convince others.

When there is no questions when there is? Explicit demand. This, to me, sounds start to sounds like cold, and it sound. It starts. Sounds like, okay, they want me in also because they need something from me, which may be turned out to be money. But then, because you were talking about this aspect of?

So, I think it's called. Posilitism, or like this, or like the fact of trying to recruit new members or co-op new members. Do you think a courts need this aspect to be a culture. You can be a court without trying to get new people in. Probably yes, it's just sometimes.

That's the ones that you come up. First are like the ones that recruits basically. Yes, okay, makes sense, so it's okay. Because it comes because cooked meat comes, it goes together with with this perception of cult, meaning also lack of. Personal freedom that you give up by joining something at a price.

Provide. In exchange, they give you something greater, but at a price. For me as a negative connotation card? Yes, but I might be wrong, because maybe, no, no, it's not. Society has been. Its own reason has been selling the term con cult with a negative connotation. You know, my, I'm quite sure, and I never did a research in my equipment.

I'm quite sure that cult itself it doesn't have. A negative connotation. Great, okay, I have more than enough. Okay, thank you.