
So, uh, what is your age 33? Yeah, what is your gender female? What is your main language English and we're recording this interview in English? Yeah, um, which country do you live in? At the moment, Germany. And yet, what is your nationality? So, my nationality is Australian, I guess.

Also, Iranian, because I have my parents from there. Now, I have dual citizenship okay, perfect. Um, so first question? When you hear the word cult? Oh, okay, yeah. What comes to your mind? Yeah, not good. Do you need more words? Um, yeah. Well, like, like, maybe? Um, think about like an example or an image, or like.

What is what it means kind of thing? Whether you picture, or like, yeah? Huh? Okay, so I called, I would picture something American, okay? Um. Brainwashing suppressive. Abusive. Okay, um? Yeah, usually, white dudes. Okay, yeah. Like, white American dudes? Any particular example. Oh I, yeah, I don't have any names, or like, yeah, I don't.

I don't remember any names. That's okay. Uh, so these like attributes that you describe, for example, like the white dudes, like, maybe you, why would you associate it with white, I guess, because I've seen like documentaries or like media, and it was usually in those instances that I did say it.

It was those kind of people. Okay, so, and then, yeah, interesting. So, that's all the things that I've seen just from media, and so these things that you saw in documentaries are like. Why do you think kind of characterize them as quotes?

I guess there's a definition of cold, and hopefully that they. Assessed based on some definition, but I guess a cope is? Anything that becomes too extreme in an ideology. And. Kind of just f**** with the people themselves. They're not really. They don't necessarily outwardly, like. Do things they just like?

Manipulate and control the people within the cult, and they just make their own little Society. And yeah, that's my understanding of cult. Okay. And like, given these things like, they're still like, there's not no examples that come to your mind when you think about it. Yeah, I don't have any names.

And, like, yeah, I kind of just like, think, okay, I don't want that information in my brain anymore. Okay, okay, yeah, cool. That's it. Thank you. No worries.


Okay, so you were saying? The relationship between courts and religion. Yeah, so I guess I also see that often in examples that I saw but don't remember names like? Religion or some sort of spirituality was used and then like exaggerated and then. Yeah, they can be spirituality without the gods.

Without cold. Yes, yeah, yeah, for sure, but I think it's just like, yeah, is, is that Association also? Used here and? You're also talking about Zionism. Yeah, so I was curious thinking about it myself, like? Um. That if it's considered to be a Zionist is that they have the core beliefs that okay, they want to annihilate the people of Palestine, and everyone else that they deem is putting them at risk.

Then, why, then, could that also be considered a cult because they are also raised and brainwashed from a young age. Given this like? Narrative, so their reality is completely different, which is kind of similar to how what happens in Cults where children are raised with a completely different reality.

Yeah. Yeah, that made me think, because yeah.