
So, first, I need your age. 35, your gender, male, your main language, Spanish, and the language you're using now. English the country that you currently live in Germany and your nationality. Mexican perfect, all right, so? The main question is when you hear the word cult c-u-l-t. What do you picture like, what comes to your mind?

The first thing? In English. And my first thing that comes is probably like the Cuckoo's Klan because? Yeah, stereotypes on that way. Interesting, that's what I, you know, because of the movies, I will say, yeah, yeah, but, yeah, nothing. Nothing more than other. Um, so the Cuckoo's Klan like, for you, like, what aspects do you think makes it a cult?

Because it's like. From The Stereotype like? Particularly against, you know, a topic there, and it's it is like? Kind of a privilege to be in. They sell it on a way. Okay, no, yeah, yeah, and top is like, not everybody can be there. And like, you know, like, kind of like?

Higher status. Yes, if you want to call it on a way, yes, and yeah, say like cold tables are just like a really, really niche of. Small group that? Against a topic, and I always think a quote from a bad perspective that there are getting something that it shouldn't be right against on that way.

So okay, aha. Very interesting, I don't know. Okay, great, that's. Yeah, that's it. No, no, that's it. That's it. Okay, um? Yeah, I mean, unless there anything you want to add or no, no, just just this topic? Yeah, so. If I understand, well, the main feature for you is like this.

Opposing something that you? Cold, the way that I've been like for stereotype. It's because it's like a privileged, small group of people like the how do you call this the one that it's? Eh, there is only one dollar bill, you know, like this Illuminati thing, you know, like, it's not that it's cold, but when I hear a cult is like something that it's small?

Not good. I say that I always think about cult is not the best group to belong to. No, no. Okay, my personal opinion there. Yeah, yeah, of course. And yeah, and yeah. And also religious. The religious part probably didn't touch base on that one, but cult can be also.

Extremely religious on. On a way that it's a cold if it's a religious brand. Uh, it also can be named a cult that. Extremely into certain religion topic, right? Yeah, you know, like, these people have? I don't know thousands of children because it's gone by Nature. And yeah, yeah, like, do you have an example in mind?

Uh, not that it's a cult, but um, I don't really not particular religion, but You know, like these, that they are sowing to the church ex-church, you know, whatever religion Church call it on a temple way? Yeah, but the cold, when it they are so extremely? On that religion.

You know that I can also belong into that religion, but that's like a thousand kilometers far exactly that between the right, yeah, I do believe in and more extreme, in which sense in the practice and ideology and all of them. I would say, okay, they also practice it and the ideologies so.

Kind of raise their people. That they don't know anything else than that, and also they are not opening to the world on them. Yeah, you know, example, it's not a cult a bit far of the war itself could. But in Mexico, there was this Luz del Mundo religion. It's up in Guadalajara.

What's it called Luz del Mundo, Los del mundo? Yeah, it's a religious that they it was created in Guadala in Mexico in Guadalajara, and then they have a church like, I don't know. Impressive building, like a lot of money there, and the people, the community, not a cool. Because Community cold time will explain that it's more.

You know, like a bunch of people, and this was of course like a more broadly topic. But there was an extremely part of the religion that they, the people who grew up in there. Like, if your parents were there, you grew up there. Yeah, you don't know anything else than that, so anything else outside that is wrong?

And it's a bit of. Okay, extremely part of any kind of religion. Whatever you believe in, you know. So, then, if you were to compare this, like? This church thing with the Ku Klux Klan. Like, how are they different, or how or how are they similar also? Because of the extremely okay way of practicing their thoughts.

Okay, no, that that can be. This goes more into the region and. Against a particular topic button like, super extremely way. Yeah, no. Talking about the back days and again? This Cucus plan is for really like a movie stereotype of what a cult means, because probably this is. How I learned what the word means, you know, that that can be my the first thing that came to my mind when you say the word?

Cool very, very good.