
Okay, so first the demographics questions? How old are you 34? What is your gender? Uh, identifies a woman. What is your main language? Uh, at home. Yeah, as in, what is the language in which you think or what? Two, I have two. Okay, so? Spanish in English, okay, and the language you're using right now is English.

Yes, which country do you currently live in France, and what is your nationality? I have to. I'm Mexican and I also have. Nationality from United States. Perfect. Okay, so first and only question. When you hear? When you hear the word cult, what comes to your mind? A group of people that are blindly devoted or blindly follow.

A belief without questioning it. Okay, yeah, do you have examples of? Such groups. Religion. Yeah. Religion. Um. I remember watching a documentary of a Colts. I think it was in Oregon or something they were following this guy, and he was super. I feel like, usually, the levers are super abuse.

Um, but nothing in specific. I would say mostly religion, okay? Yeah, no, no. Do you remember the name of the one in Oregon? No, I just remember watching it was a long time ago. I just remember watching the documentary and they were living in like a. Like one big property with a lot of land, and they were camping, and it was like supposed to be spiritual, but they he was like abusing them and emotionally and in other ways.

And I don't remember the name. I think it's the documentary is wild, wild country, yes, and the guy you're talking about this while.

Okay, yeah, yeah. Okay, that's all I need. Funny thing. A friend of mine who used to play polo clips, she played polo for like 16 years. I'm recording this still, or should I stop you one? Okay, she used to say that by Paula is a cult. Yeah, why do you think Mike Polo could be a cult?

I don't think it's a cult. I think. I think the fact that we get obsessed within it that if it's a very enclosed, no welcoming Community could make it feel like that's high, but I don't think it's like, I don't think there is a leader that we follow. Yeah, yeah, so she was saying it as a joke more.

Yeah, because it's like, once you start, it's hard to leave. Yeah, yeah.