
All right. This is another meditation.

So, what? I've been thinking lately is that it seems quite obvious to me that. This cult topic really talks about the belief, belief systems, and it talks about extreme beliefs. And. It seems that not. It's not just beliefs actually in God. There's also this aspect of social group and.

And as I developed a bit more strongly. Um, this kind of like social stigma. And I've been developing. I think a concept that relates to it. That is also quite interesting, so Scholars have been adopting. Oh, actually, this is a note for me. Not for me.

Look into how Scholars went away from using Cults and sects and progressively go into new religious movements. And also to actually continue reading this nice paper, um, about. The French legal system. And they're called. So these are to do. All right, continuing on my thoughts, um? Yeah, it seems like there's also this concept of extreme beliefs, so it would be also nice to look at when it forked out of this, like religious studies, or like, where it came from exactly?

And this thing of extreme beliefs seems to be like some kind of higher order. Category. And it feels to me that a lot of religious, a lot of assumptions that are made about Society, like. And values that I held. Um. Values that are held.

Idealistically. Um, in a in a philosophical sense as opposed to. Uh, a material way.

Um, in this higher order category of these extreme beliefs. Uh, it seems like there's a lot more than called conspiracy theories. Um, and all these things that can basically allude to these things. And I think what I'm actually interested in this? Um. I'm actually interested in this.

You have interesting the definition of extreme relief because? Extreme beliefs, they're not. It's, they're extreme. I think a way to define this extreme is to like, what goes away from the norm, but I think this is not an interesting one, because as we can very well establish the norm, like culturally, can be set on things.

Um, later in time or at other moments of humanity. Are deemed last extreme, so this kind of extreme as an opposition to the norm seems to be also very shaky. I think extreme is, um, epistemologically, I think it's more interesting because it's. Um, can be defined as like something that resist has this resilience to like facts.

And really tries to rely on like some kind of idealistic beliefs. Um. And I guess this is what is interesting for me, uh? Uh. Yeah. Yeah, I think this is what I want to look into really is, like, how there seems to be all these like? Assumptions, extreme beliefs in the sense that they resist factual evidence.

Um, that seemed. Exist. And we don't question those, and instead we decide to culturally put the stigma on cards. Um, on certain calls, and I'm in many ways. Of course. Not doubting that these things should be doubted. And we should be skeptical of Cults. I'm not a religious person, myself, Etc.

But I think that if we are skeptical to cuts, we should be skeptical. A lot of other things. Um.