
Okay, no. You lower your volume.

Uh, well. First of all, it's the demographics question. So, uh, what is your age? 43, your gender. Mail the main language that you speak Italian and the language that we're speaking right now. English is correct. Which country do you currently live in in Berlin in Germany? And what is your nationality?

Italian beautiful, okay, first and only question. When you hear the word cult, what comes to your mind? So called, if we translated properly in Italian, should be the setup. So does, uh, usually it's related to.

Collective, a group of people. Uh, following some sorts of belief. I know you love. And related to religions. I guess it's always connected to religious, right? I guess. But non-conventional religion, so that's why they are most of the time. Uh, concentrated in small groups. And. Somehow, when I think about cult, I think about something like dark religious, like.

Like? Like praying to the devil or something like that?

Yeah, I don't know. I guess this is more or less the idea that I have, and it's sometimes I had. It's really easy. To get kind of. Convinced to get to join the cult. Yeah. By using some kind of some sort of. False induction false. Information somehow. They try to convince people.

To join the cult. Yeah. Well, which, um, do you have? Specific examples of chords that, like, immediately come to your mind. I mean these those ones. Um, connected to the devil that will? I just say, like, Satanist, yes, exactly. Or maybe scientologies is also called maybe? Not sure about it.

But the yeah. What is what are the the characteristics, you know, the details, or the that makes like a group of people like, uh, set like a cult? I'm not sure, actually. What is actually the right definition of it, you know? But yeah, the first thing I think is like Saturn Saturn is somehow.

Yeah, when I think about cults and like, in the case of Satanist, uh, like? Yeah, actually, I think you defined. Why you would associate them with a cult like, because you have, like, I mean, in your own words, it's like the. I mean, they always. Name this way, like the cult of Saturn, the cult of the archangels.

I don't know stuff like that, so it's easy, you know, to? Yeah, related to this kind of satanism or dark called, yeah. Very good. That's it. Yeah, perfect. Is this the general idea?