
So, uh, first, what is your age 44, your gender, male, your men, like your main language? Uh, my main language is English and the language you're currently speaking, and you are now speaking English. Which country do you currently live in? Germany, and what is your nationality? Canadian beautiful, all right.

So that's the first, and the only question, uh, when you hear the word cult, what comes to your mind? I think it changes depending on what I've been doing in the last days. Okay, like? I would say one thing that comes to my mind because I'm over the last six months.

I've been quite a lot, um, searching for bicycle parts, second secondhand bicycle parts. And it's very often that when there's some kind of old bicycle part, they will call it a cult bicycle part. Okay, oh, cult mountain bike or whatever. S***, yeah, those are usually the quite expensive things, which I, of course, never buy yeah.

And then there are also like called films. So called films are usually like films that were not very yeah, economically successful, but they have a small following a very devout fans towards films or musicians or albums or. Artists or whatever. So, in these cases, I think you would use cult as an adjective.

Um, yeah, if you were to use it as a noun then like as like, like things that are? Cults. I mean, it could also be related to these things you just talked about, but like. What would be examples of? Well, I suppose it's related whether it's adjective or now.

It's, it's speaking about a certain Devotion to something. So to whether it's too. A derailleur for a bicycle or a Korean Christian dude, Mr Mooney, or whether it's? Anything you know, yeah? Whether it's yeah. So, the so one example that you so you mentioned. Like, uh, like, you have a specifical a specific bicycle part.

No, I just. It's something I came across quite a lot when looking, and people trying to sell things and they. You know, of course, they want to sell it. So, they would say a lot of good stuff about it, and they were, yeah, very often. Use this word cult to like, say, this is like a really cool thing, right?

Okay, Aya. So, like, as a positive thing. Actually, yes, and uh, and then you were talking about the moon. Oh, this was just because, uh, of the Moon. Yesterday, there was an eclipse, a solar eclipse, and then. I had to photograph that. My friend Daniel took of me putting the welding helmet onto Annie's so she could look at the sun right?

And then I sent it to her the text. And then we started talking. She's. Started making jokes about about being really ready to fight and die for the moon, and that conversation went on. And then, I remembered, oh yeah, there was some kind of cult called the Moonies in the 50s or 60s or 70s or something.

Yeah, but I couldn't remember what it was, but I just looked it up. Oh, that's what it was, right? Okay. I thought. That's why it's on my mind right now because of the solar eclipse yesterday. That's interesting. So, like you remember it, because it you remember, it was called a cut, but you don't really necessarily remember exactly why?

No, I didn't know anything about it. I just remembered that there was this cult called the Moonies. Yeah, okay, um? Or maybe still is, I don't know. Okay. Okay, any other examples that would come to your mind of, like? Whether you would like immediately because I think the first thing that came to your mind was like this.

Yeah, like the cult bike parts or the cult films. Uh, and then there was this thing with the the Moonies. Because of this Moon thing yesterday, yeah, so it's all sort of associative to something right in my experience in recent times? Okay, yeah, but that's that's completely fine. Okay, I think that's.

Nice. Thank you.